Let's put a test together around our order.
Cancel Listener As I mentioned, this is an entirely optional video.
So if you don't want to do any testing, if you're just tired of it inside this course, no problem.
Just pause right here and move on to the next video.
Otherwise, stick around and let's get to it.
Let's get started inside of our test directory.
I'll make a new file of order.
Cancelled listener test?
Yes.
And then inside of here, once again, we'll make a set up function.
It'll be async.
At the top, we'll immediately add in a bunch of different imports and then write out the entire setup
function.
So as usual, we definitely need our order.
Cancel listener from up one directory order.
Cancel listener.
We definitely need our Nets rapper.
From up three directories.
We'll get that Nats wrapper.
Let's create the listener right away.
So make a listener as new order, insult listener and pass in my Nats wrapper.
After that, we're going to create a new order and save it to our database.
This is going to be the order that we're going to eventually try to cancel.
So at the top, once again, I will import my order model.
From up three directories.
Well, then create an order with order build.
And we do have to provide a different a few different properties for this thing.
So we do have to give it a realistic looking ID, a version probably hardcoded at zero, and then a
user ID at the price and the status for the ID and the status, we're going to need the Mongoose Library
to generate the ID and we'll need our order status enum from our common module.
Let's add those imports at the very top.
And our order status from.
The common module.
Okay.
So now inside a border built we'll pass it.
An ID coming from mongoose types dot object ID to hex string.
I'll give it a status of order.
Status?
Created.
A price of how about ten?
A user ID of whatever.
And what other property am I missing here?
Let's see.
Version.
Of course we'll give it a version of zero.
Then immediately after creating the order, let's save it.
So we'll do an order save.
And we'll make sure to await that.
Okay.
So that is our initial setup.
So now we can create a data object that's going to try to mark this order as being cancelled.
So for that we're definitely going to need our order cancelled event interface from the common module.
Let's import that as well.
So order cancelled event.
And then after we create our order, we'll make our data object.
It will be of type order.
Cancelled event at data.
So we need to make sure that this thing has the same ID as the order we had just created.
We'll give it an ID coming from order ID.
And there's a couple of other properties we have to define as well.
We need to make sure this thing also has a version, a ticket, and inside there should be some kind
of ID.
The idea that ticket doesn't really matter because we're not using it here.
All that really matters is the version number, and the version should definitely be the previous version
plus one.
I'll give it a version.
Add one.
Then we'll give it a ticket with an ID and again, we can give it any ID we want because we're not really
using that ID.
And then finally our message object.
So for the message object, as usual, we will import the message type from node that streaming at the
top.
I'm going to tell TypeScript to ignore this next line and we'll make our message.
So it'll have the function it's going to just mock.
Same exact thing we've done many times before.
Now that we've got everything put together as usual, time to return it.
So we return listener data message and the order as well.
So we can write out the actual test and we'll say it updates the status of the order.
And I'll make a second test just to say again, axe the message.
We'll structure off our listener data, message and order.
From calling a wait setup.
And then await the listeners on message function to which we'll pass in our data and message.
And then, as usual, we really want those two lines inside of both our tests.
So I will copy paste them down.
So for updating the status of the order.
Well, I bet you could guess what we're going to do there.
We're going to re fetch the order out of the database and make sure that its status was updated to cancelled.
That's pretty much it.
They'll give an updated order and that will come from await order find by ID and we want to look out
the order ID so that the existing order one of these, the same ID right there, the order ID.
And we can expect the updated order exclamation status to equal.
The order status enum cancelled property.
Okay.
And then our second test right here.
I bet you could guess what we're gonna do here.
Yep.
Just a simple expect message to have been called, and that's it.
Let's flip back over to our terminal and make sure these two tests are passing.
So back over at my terminal?
Yep.
Looks like everything is good to go.
However, as usual, we'll do a quick comment out of the on message call on both and just make sure
we now have two test failures.
Get to failures.
That means that our tests are working as expected.
So I will uncomment both those, await listener on message calls and we are all set with this test.
Again, I know I've said it so many times, really boring test looks identical to everything else,
but again, we now know that this thing works as expected.
So let's pause right here and move on to our next topic in just a moment.